This.
This medicine was born and refined, causing strange phenomena in heaven and earth.
I can take it.
Isn't it like anesthetic?
My mother.
These empty guys are really good at playing, aren't they?
Death waiting for the sect too windy to accompany
And the sect you send
Huh?
Ha ha ha
Who is who?
It's me.
Ha ha ha, quickly hand over the body-enlarging medicine.
We were just passing through.
Did you think I was stupid when you passed by?
Don't want to deliver?
Then let us give you a taste of the unique skills of our drum doors.
Today you all must die here.
Are not.
Do it.
How is that possible?
Want to know the next life will tell you.
What the hell?
If I guess right.
Probably caused by the incomplete danger of the Truong Sinh Tuoc.
The life of the criminal was in danger and was looked back at by the Truong Sinh Tuoc.
For the leader, it is tantamount to poison.
So are you okay?
I'll be back in a few months.
But that's enough time.